Nuannuan, are you deliberately robbing me?
Uh yeah what's wrong
The guardrail method is also the same for this audition
How jealous are you of me?
You have to compete with me everywhere
I'm scared. I'm scared.
Are you afraid?
Nuan Nuan
It hurts, this monitor is long broken.
I see you this time
Hey, this trick again
The daughter of charm is just this means
Shengnuan is bullying Shengmian again, it's too much
Sister, are you alright?
Sorry.
Does this stupid male protagonist only say this sentence?
Mr. Sheng, what are you doing?
Gu Laifeng, do you want to do it?
Teacher is here
What are you doing here?
Aren't you going to class?
Come with me to the office
Gu Laifeng, remember that we will make an appointment later.
Are all the little girls now so scheming?
But this little girl Lestiga
Sheng Nuan, why did you push your classmate?
I didn't push him
No slap, not from you
Did you see me hit him with your own eyes?
You have to see that.
He's already a repeat offender
Why do you two reflect and quarrel?
Saint Nuan is my cousin
I heard that he has been bullying Ye Nanheng recently
Let him run errands
So I want to persuade him
Call Vietnam Across
I approach
Shengming classmate said
Sheng Nuan has been bullying you and making you run errands
Is there such a thing?
He paid.
Pay to bully classmates
Where did you learn these bad habits?
This matter must be taken seriously
Which one does the teacher refer to?
First, I didn't bully the pardon.
If the school wants to deal with me because of this matter
Please show evidence
Otherwise I'll hire a lawyer
How are you, lawyer?
You dare to threaten the teacher now, don't you?
I'm just using my legal rights to protect myself
In addition, about classmate Ye
I just hired him to run errands arm's length transaction
Maybe classmate Ye doesn't think it's voluntary
Teacher, I volunteered.
Ye Nanhang didn't take the opportunity to take revenge on him
As long as the crew knows about it
Enough nonsense
Go back to class now